## Our Pledge
We as members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, visible or invisible disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

We pledge to act and interact in ways that contribute to an open, welcoming, diverse, inclusive, and healthy community.

- Expected Behavior
The following behaviors are expected and requested of all community members:

Participate in an authentic and active way. In doing so, you contribute to the health and longevity of this community.
Exercise consideration and respect in your speech and actions.
Attempt collaboration before conflict.
Guide conversations toward issue resolution.
Refrain from demeaning, discriminatory, or harassing behavior and speech.

- Unacceptable Behavior
The following behaviors are considered harassment and are unacceptable within our community:

Violence and Threats of Violence are not acceptable - online or offline. This includes incitement of violence toward any individual, including encouraging a person to commit self-harm. This also includes posting or threatening to post other people’s personally identifying information (“doxxing”) online.
Public or private harassment is never acceptable in any form.
Personal Attacks Conflicts will inevitably arise, but frustration should never turn into a personal attack. It is not okay to insult, demean or belittle others. Attacking someone for their opinions, beliefs and ideas is not acceptable. It is important to speak directly when we disagree and when we think we need to improve, but such discussions must be conducted respectfully and professionally, remaining focused on the issue at hand.
Derogatory Language Hurtful or harmful language is never acceptable in any context related to: background, family status, gender, gender identity or expression, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, personal appearance, body size, native language, age, ability, neurodiversity, mental health, race and/or ethnicity, national origin, citizenship and immigration status, socioeconomic status, religion, geographic location.
Unwelcome Sexual Attention or Physical Contact Unwelcome sexual attention or unwelcome physical contact is not acceptable. This includes sexualized comments, jokes or imagery in interactions, communications or presentation materials, as well as inappropriate touching, groping, or sexual advances. This includes touching a person without permission, including sensitive areas such as their hair, pregnant stomach, mobility device (wheelchair, scooter, etc) or tattoos. This also includes physically blocking or intimidating another person. Physical contact or simulated physical contact (such as emojis like “kiss”) without affirmative consent is not acceptable. This includes sharing or distribution of sexualized images or text.
Disruptive Behavior Sustained disruption of events, forums, or meetings, including talks and presentations, will not be tolerated. This includes spamming community discussions with the solicitation of unwanted products or services.
Influencing Disruptive Behavior We will treat influencing or leading such activities the same way we treat the activities themselves, and thus the same consequences apply.
Corporate Promotions Sharing of demo/trial/landing page links and other corporate promotions are never permitted unless explicitly requested by a community member. The only exceptions are that the moderated Commercial forum category may be used to promote opportunities which may be relevant for members of the community (for example job opportunities, freelance gigs) and Activepieces Community Partners may promote their products and services on their partners page.
Scraping contacts by name or any other personally identifiable information for unsolicited communication is never acceptable in any form.

Scope

This Code of Conduct applies within all community spaces, and also applies when an individual is officially representing the community in public spaces. Examples of representing our community include using an official e-mail address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event.

Enforcement Responsibilties

Community leaders are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of acceptable behavior and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any behavior that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

Community leaders have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, and will communicate reasons for moderation decisions when appropriate.

Enforcement 

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported to the community leaders responsible for enforcement at info@uodemocracy.org. All complaints will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly.

Enforcement Guidelines

All community leaders are obligated to respect the privacy and security of the reporter of any incident.

Community leaders will follow these Community Impact Guidelines in determining the consequences for any action they deem in violation of this Code of Conduct:

1. Correction
Community Impact: Use of inappropriate language or other behavior deemed unprofessional or unwelcome in the community.

Consequence: A private, written warning from community leaders, providing clarity around the nature of the violation and an explanation of why the behavior was inappropriate. A public apology may be requested.

2. Warning
Community Impact: A violation through a single incident or series of actions.

Consequence: A warning with consequences for continued behavior. No interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction with those enforcing the Code of Conduct, for a specified period of time. This includes avoiding interactions in community spaces as well as external channels like social media. Violating these terms may lead to a temporary or permanent ban.

3. Temporary Ban
Community Impact: A serious violation of community standards, including sustained inappropriate behavior.

Consequence: A temporary ban from any sort of interaction or public communication with the community for a specified period of time. No public or private interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction with those enforcing the Code of Conduct, is allowed during this period. Violating these terms may lead to a permanent ban.

4. Permanent Ban
Community Impact: Demonstrating a pattern of violation of community standards, including sustained inappropriate behavior, harassment of an individual, or aggression toward or disparagement of classes of individuals.

Consequence: A permanent ban from any sort of public interaction within the community

Attribution

Community Impact Guidelines were inspired by Mozilla's code of conduct enforcement ladder.
(https://github.com/mozilla/inclusion)
